# Wunderland

<!-- LOGO -->
<div align="center">
  <img src="logo.png" alt="Logo">

<h3 align="center">Wunderland</h3>

  <p align="center">
    U Wonder We Wander

<br><br>

https://github.com/Miranda-Tang/Wunderland-U-Wonder-We-Wander/assets/81618041/2eb6058b-6833-4ca5-b29f-375d8a73c61f

**Also take a look here:**

[<img src="https://d112y698adiu2z.cloudfront.net/photos/production/software_photos/002/725/468/datas/gallery.jpg" width="50%">](https://youtu.be/OiXpJNf433c)

  </p>
</div>

<br><br>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->
<details>
  <summary>Table of Contents</summary>
  <ol>
    <li>
      <a href="#inspiration">Inspiration</a>
    </li>
    <li>
      <a href="#functionality">Functionality</a>
    </li>
    <li><a href="#future-plans">What's next for Wunderland?</a></li>
    <li><a href="#credits">Credits</a></li>
  </ol>
</details>

<br>

<h2 id="inspiration">üí° Inspiration üí°</h2>

Ever wonder what it'll be like at a dream destination, ever let your mind wander? Discover your dream escape at
*Wunderland*, just a click away ‚Äì no passports, no tickets. We're revolutionizing travel for those confined to hospital
rooms or facing travel challenges. Drawing from my experiences as a hospital volunteer, I've witnessed the yearning for
exploration among individuals unable to venture beyond their immediate surroundings. Rooted in the health sector, our
project seeks to provide an outlet for imagination and experience for those with physical and mental disabilities.
*Wunderland* aspires to bring the world to everyone, championing the reduction of carbon emissions and fostering
awareness
about the environmental impact of digital activities. Join us in crafting a revolutionary travel experience that
transcends barriers and is accessible to all. **U Wonder We Wander!**

<h2 id="functionality">‚öôÔ∏è Functionality ‚öôÔ∏è</h2>

*Wunderland* is a web platform seamlessly integrated with virtual reality. Users have the unique ability to input their
dream vacation destination, and with a simple click, the platform generates a vivid virtual experience. This includes a
lifelike representation of the chosen location, complete with current weather conditions incorporated with city views.
To enhance the immersive experience, *Wunderland* goes a step further by curating a custom playlist that perfectly
complements the atmosphere of the selected destination. In essence, *Wunderland* transports users to their dream
location
while having a full immersive experience of auditory and visual for an unparalleled virtual travel experience.

<h2 id="future-plans">üëÄ Future Plans üëÄ</h2>

Looking ahead, we envision exciting possibilities for further implementations of our project. Beyond real-world
locations, we aim to delve into the fictional realm, catering to individuals who seek to immerse themselves in the
worlds of books, shows, and movies. Imagine the opportunity to visit iconic fictional places like Hawkins, Indiana, or
the Upside Down from Stranger Things. This expansion into imaginative landscapes opens up a new dimension of exploration
and adventure. Additionally, we plan to introduce guided tours, offering users the option to receive curated insights
and information about the chosen location, especially beneficial for those less familiar with specific places. This move
from an open-world tour to a more structured and guided experience aims to enhance user engagement and provide a more
tailored and educational journey.

<h2 id="credits">Credits</h2>

- Carol Ma
- Ivan Chung
- Miranda Tang
- Taylor Leong
